## HEADER

Anne Lounsberry

## TECHNICAL SKILLS

Microsoft Certified Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience in Python, R, Java, and Scala. Applied data mining to analyze ABC Inc. procurement processes demonstrating potential savings of $420,000 a year. Seeking to leverage my data visualization and big data modeling skills to help increase XYZ's investment returns in the upcoming year.
Data Scientist, Microsoft Certified

## PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Experience
Personal Info
2013- Senior Data Scientist
2019
### ACBInc.,LosAngeles,CA
- ·Developedend-to-endmachinelearningprototypes and scaled them torun inproductionenvironments.Increased efficiencyby23%.

## MACHINE LEARNING & DEEP LEARNING

·Contributed meaningful improvements to existing machine learning modelsthroughcarefullydirectedresearch.
·Derived actionable insights from massive data sets with minimal support.
·Provided input into the collection of new data sources and the refinement of existingones toimprove analysis andmodel development.
Key achievement:Applied data mining to analyze procurement processes resulting in savings of $420,000 a year.
2008 Machine Learning Specialist
2013
AnyCompany,San Diego,CA
·Collaborated withallteammembers to optimize Customer firm.
·Increased repeat business among real estate investors by 25%.
·Decreased wasted phone and email time by57%.
·Build a machine-learning-based system of matching clients with tailored investment opportunities. Increased customer retention by 30%.
2005 Junior Data Analyst
2008
Capgemini,SanDiego,CA
·Consulted andworked with development teams to determine,execute and deliverrelevantsolutions.

## EDUCATION

·Analyzedoldinformationarchitecturesandcontributedtothedesign and development of the new one.
### ·Provided information,feedback and guidance to clientsto support technology-related decisionmaking.
**Date:** 2005
**Location:** MSc in Statistics, UCLA, Los Angeles, CA
- Google Certified Professional Data Engineer
- MicrosoftProfessional Program Certificate inDataScience

## CERTIFICATES (IN PROGRESS)

Certificates
2014
2008